Hey, sit up. You want to see what I can
do, man? Look at this. Watch. I can just
kind of stand there and make a little
tooth with my my butt a little. You see
it? It's going to It's a small.
We've already met Quick. Make a bowling
ball fun. Oh, dang it. Bowling ball.
That's what I call a strike. That's what
I call uh bowling ball. Ball to the
balls.
They don't be winners. Look at me do my
little How did you know that was my weak
spot? I know Chris is one weak spot. Can
you take a giant metal ball covered in
spikes and throw it at his crotch.
Don't tell the people. Now everybody
knows. Great. Thanks, buddy. This guy
waving at me. Kind of looks like a like
button. Oh, yeah. A thing you should
press. Do it. Do it. Here's a picture of
Chris naked. Kind of looks like a
subscribe button. A thing you should
press. Do it. Do it. All right. All
right, buddy. Go along. Look at me. I'm
a sports guy. Over here. Wow. That did
not John Madden. That did not have a
good spiral. No. Stop. You stupid fool.
Brett Favre. Watch this. Watch this.
John McCain. If he doesn't see it, John
McCain is not a sports guy. Chris, I
thought he was. He It might have been a
little bit. I don't know what his
hobbies were. Okay, so watch this. If he
doesn't see me throw the axe, I can't go
to jail for throwing it. That's not
true. Dang it. Let me ask you a
question.
Oh, not fair. It got me in the pins for
the pin. Oh, bowling ball puns. Well, a
grenade feels a bit like cheating, but
whatever. Oh, you blew up my crate, man.
That was my Nintendo Switch. I almost
died myself. Look, he's dancing, but
he's mad. Ah, I hate boogieing down and
hooping it up. Collect the weapon.
Equip. Oh, I got to replace some H. I
want the rocket launcher to replace.
Maybe a football. Jeez. Yugger
might be a little bit better. Well,
maybe a little bit. Oh, man. Is
HuggyWuggy in here? No. Stop
HuggyWugging, Chris. All right. It's all
about the Italian brain rotting. I don't
know what that is. Even less than I know
what the huggy wugle is. I'm on old
memes, Chris. Okay. I'm on I'm on the
the Are you bad Brian? Is that what it
is? Bad luck Bryan is new to me. Okay.
Wow, man. Wait till you Yuma. Yuma is
new to me. Wait till you hear about
scumbag Steve. What?
Got him.
Oh, right in your friend's head, man.
Put him in the back of the head. That'
be like me. Like, don't worry. Sit up. I
got them. All right. Can I Can I pay the
developer to replace all these goobers
with Chrises?
Oh, that'd be amazing. Oh. Oh, head
shot. We need to do that. No. Stop it.
Wow. I'm hammered. Ooh.
Ooh. Hammer back. Oh, what? That one
didn't kill him. No.
Maybe don't stand right in front of each
other, you goobers. From downtown,
they're bouncing. Hold up. Hey. Oh,
right in the bread basket. They didn't
even take him out, man. Grenade. Someone
overshoot it, so the boxes kill him. Oh,
or the grenade lands on his head. Double
kill. Double kill indeed. Give me Give
me what's in there. Oh, this is a Nokia
phone. The hardest object known to man.
Oh, I throw the rocket launcher. I
thought I'd shoot him. Oh, no. Okay,
there we go. We do. He's still shitty. I
mean, it probably wouldn't feel good if
someone threw a rocket launcher, right?
Ah, wow. He winded that up a bit too
much. Stab his own friend. Very
disappointed. Dang it. I wanted the
double kill. Don't kill him. Ah, don't
fall. Don't fall. Don't fall. You go.
Here we go. Here we go. Rocket to
launching. Double kill. Double kill. And
a head shot. I don't have that sound
effect. Oh, I've got this one though.
Stop putting Stop. Stop it. I hate that
sound. That's like cotton balls to the
ears.
Makes me think of when I said to call my
grandma. Okay, I assume I should just
blow up the thing he's standing on.
Watch.
Yeah, that worked out pretty well. I
want the Nokia so bad. You got this.
Yeah. Let's see. I think we get rid of
that rock, right? That's kind of silly.
Yeah. Rock of people. A chicken.
Chicken. A China. The Chinese chicken.
You have a drunk chicken. Watch your
next file with no lights on. Don oh in
this one hairs in Florida and gilly
frantic like stink romantic isn't it
like stickers guarant satisfy do we got
going to get a set of better clubs kind
of tiny nubs when doing flying off the
back swing can't help it if I think oh
dang it I lost it
I did the rap and you buffed it oh I
bumped it good all right chicken time
to be a murder
chicken I'm going to redo that yeah take
two man All right, Mr. Chicken. I don't
know why I said Mr. Chicken. Chickens
are girls. Okay. Uh Oh my god, it's Oh,
it bit him. It chomped his little face
off. I don't mean to egg you on, but
you're dead, man. I got a call coming in
for you. It's death. It's your doctor.
He says you're about to die from being
hit with this phone. He was right. He's
got a PhD in phone detriment. More
chickens. Yes. Phone hurting degree.
Yes. Do you know how many razors flip
phones I've had to get hooked on my head
to get this degree? 37,000 a million.
Well, I guess mine was a low end. I
overshot it. All right, level up that
chicken, you know. Yeah. Oh, dang it.
There's a big bull in my way. Big bull.
Got to kind of arc it through.
Well, boy, this is awkward. You might
say I didn't nail it. No.
Oh, good thing it's styrofoam. Thanks
for making it easier. Punk. Grenade to
the butt. Been there. That's what I call
my wife's cooking.
Poor Taco Bell.
Okay, Nokia first. Got him. That did
little damage. Oh, you fool, Chris. It's
all part of my master plan. I'm going to
lock him into a wireless plan that has a
terrible contract.
You only get 8 seconds of calls a month.
After 9:00 p.m., all phone calls like,
"I want to order a pizza. Please say
goodbye. They're like, "Who's that? Who
is that? Mommy, I love me. How have you
been? Bye."
All right. Is this Is the explosive
barrel going to explode? Maybe. I should
have knocked it over to him. Oh, back
flip onto him. It's kind of the point of
explosive barrels. Throw the phone
backwards. No. Oh. Oh, the bread
basketing. It got me riding my rotary
dial. It's like a rotary phone. I don't
know. You try to think of a metaphor, a
joke about a crotch about phones. Got me
in. He got me the pound sign. I don't
know. All right. Pound symbol. Long
distance. More more.
I see where you're going. I'm going to
stop you there.
More like short. Dang it. That was
pretty good.
Chicken. Get him. No, I probably
shouldn't. I was going to throw the
chicken up there. Try to knock the
barrel down, but nia. Okay, chicken. Go
up there. Knock it down. No. Oh, chicken
of the butt. What's up, chicken butt?
Hit him in the head.
You okay, buddy?
My barber is the worst. He's the worst
barber around. I said a little off the
top. Jeez. Oh, this is ridiculous. Oh,
yeah. Good chicken. Oh, the chicken
exploded. Oh, must be from Taco Bell.
They're serving chicken now. Okay. Two.
They're serving two chickens. Yes. The
they're serving chickens now. Okay. Come
on in, Taco Bell. If you're a human or a
chicken, if you're nothing if you're
something else. Yeah. It don't matter
what you is. Come on down to Taco Bell.
Give diarrhea. No, they only serve
humans and chickens. You goat diarrhea
goat. You chicken diarrhea chicken. What
are you? What? Chris, calm down. Give me
diarrhea. Chris, calm down. Chris, come
here.
Diarrhea. I can't afford the lawsuits
anymore. Chicken explosion. Uh-oh. Dang
it. Did not work at all. Oh, and it hurt
me a little bit. Ooh. Oh, a banana.
Let's peel out. H. Oh. Oh. Oh. Dead. I
died. Oh, I died from laughter of that
joke. That's probably it. Let's make
like a banana and split. Oh.
Oh, that worked. Ow. Ow. No. Why am I
down here now? Just make like a banana
and peel out of here. All right,
chicken. You're going to have to You're
going to have to hoop it up. Oh no. Is
he going to break the thing he's
standing on?
Dang it.
Oh.
You stupid monkey man with a banana.
All right, let's just blow up this dude.
Make him land over there and then he's
going to throw a knife at that nut
barrel.
Two for No. Okay, we're good. Help loco.
Oh, almost got two for one. Oh, I got to
go twice. All right, I ain't going to
complain about that. No, no, no here.
Okay, hold down there. Yeah. Okay, some
chunks of wood got me, but that's okay.
What's a little splinter to the face?
What's a bowling ball to the face? You
know exactly. Back in my day, people
were made of tougher stuff. I walk down
the street and the mayor would hit me
with a bowling ball and I'd say, "Thank
you, sir. May I have some more?"
Kids today are too soft. People don't
throw enough bowling balls at their
faces. That's true. Bunk is a hammer to
face. I was hoping that would do well.
No hammer for the not for me. Ow. Hammer
for you and not
stew.
No hammers for stool. He's had enough.
Damn. Why did that not explode? No more
hammer stew. Oh man, you're getting
worked, bro. Yeah, I'm getting wrecked.
Grenade. The great equalizer. Grenade
didn't kill him. Come on. There's the
issue. I needed to look more like Homer
Simpson. Now I can't lose. Uh-oh. Oh my
god. That chicken rules. Ow. Made. I'm a
genius. Chris, the ball missed me cuz I
was too busy doing a sweet front flip. I
definitely didn't get hurt more falling
down. Are you sure? It looks like he got
hurt. I'm pretty sure. Oh, the chicken
got him. He's doing the chicken dance.
Chris,
he's doing the chicken dance. My wife
wouldn't let me chicken dance at her
wedding. She banned it. What? We chicken
danced at my wedding. What? Oh, I'm so
mad. We chicken dance and do the
electric sled. The electric sled? No,
sled. cuz it's past tense.
You're right. I'm sorry. Banana. Oh,
that guy exploded the Why did I just
die? That made no sense whatsoever.
That's not how I threw it. I threw that
there. Just huck this over there. Oh, it
explodes on contact. I was hoping it
would Oh, the banana explodes into more
bananas. Now I've got it. I figured it
out, Chris. I figured it out. I figured
it out. As the coolest, handsomest of
the guys named Sea Top that are
currently in the room. I did it. Kill
him. Yes. Yes. I'm only going to jail
for two of these three murders. Huzah.
Who's your favorite band? Is it Mace of
Bass? Yeah. That doesn't even make
sense. It's close enough. You think I'm
a mace p? No one here. Oh, his butt bled
from the bully ball. No one here seen
the sign. I fell. Get up, Checkers. Oh
my goodness. Check exploded. It's an
exploding dog. Goodbye. You get those at
PetSmart. You got two for one. Watch me.
Watch this. Watch this. Perfect. Oh,
dang it. I dropped a bunch of boxes on
my head. I was trying to make that fall
on them. Hit him in the head. No, not
me. My god, that hurt. Like the dickens.
Get him, doggy. Oh no, doggy. Uh-oh.
My doggy exploded. Get him in the face.
He explodes. He knocks him over. Oh, I
got to go for the back guy first. He
throws knives at the front guy. That's
always better. Uh-oh. This is going to
hurt.
Survive. Yes. Survive. Live. Here we go.
Live. Don't miss. Uh-oh.
I've never seen someone biff it that bad
in my life. Ah. Well, now you have. No,
I wasn't looking. Have you met my friend
Biff? Biff Tannon. Ah. Which Biff? Is it
the rich Biff or the not rich Biff? Or
the Wild West Biff or Old Biff? Gosh,
Chris. All those fo poor Biff. Old West
Biff was rich and friends. No, he
wasn't. He had no friends. No one knows
what we're talking about.
Why did you put all these various biffs
on the screen and if John doesn't
understand it either, then we're
screwed. Oh, double rocket. Heck yeah.
I'll make the sound effects. Drop him on
the barrel. There we go.
Uh-uh. I curse my height. Too tall and
awesome. You're not tall.
Grenade to the face shouldn't do more
than 44 freaking damage. Or you just
talking about in the game. I threw a
rock at me and did like a million. Maybe
you should be upgrading them. Maybe I
should upgrade to you. Uh-uh.
What a doofus. Blow him up. The little
bananas going hit me in the face and I
died. Dang it. Cheers. Chers. Chuggers.
You did another
dog. Didn't even bite him. Okay,
chicken. Can I get this back to you guys
with a chicken explode? Uh-oh. Okay.
Hopefully the little bananas don't come
and hit me. I got to stop throwing the
banana. Stop throwing bananas. Can't
help it. Even though we won. My mother
was a monkey. Oh, I won. Yeah,
completed. Must have died slightly
before I did. How was this difficult? I
should have probably knocked him down
with explosive or something. What a
loser. Mhm. Okay, checkers. Yeah, good
boy. Yeah. Oh my god, Jack is strong as
heck. Yeah. All right, Jackers. I'm just
going to just gonna arc you. Get get on.
Get him, boy. Ah, dang it. He messed up
that guy's trajectory. Ow.
Oh, yeah. Bunch of rockets came out of
that thing. Good boy.
Good at everything, Chris. I don't know,
man. You're so good. It makes me mad.
I'm over here raging. I'm kung fu in my
chair.
Oh my gosh. Yes. Show that chair. Who's
boss? Yeah, I'm the boss. Oh, this will
be good. This will be good. Watch this.
Watch this. I'm a big boy. Boom. Oh,
everybody gets dropped on. Uh-oh. Look,
look at all those head shot. That hurt
like the dickens. Scissors.
Oh my god. It's just a bunch of doofases
hawking stuff. Stop dying. Stop doing
splinters and died. All right, banana
will be good here cuz the little ones
will go everywhere. I was really hoping
they wouldn't have hit me, but then they
did. No, I don't want the phone. Look at
this. Face to face. Mono emano. No.
You who has mono? I probably shouldn't
do the ones that explode cuz he's right
in front of me. Huh? Okay. All right. I
need to get the bananas stuck back there
so they don't hit me. There we go.
Perfection. Incarnate. Wa. Something
happened with my arm there. Get the
chicken. [__] No. The chicken explodes.
Yeah, but it's still better than Shut
up.
Blue is two idiots. Chicken's going to
explode. Aha. It explodes after he's
dead, so it's okay. I win. Mhm. M I'm
what they call a gen. I'm what they call
smart boy. Watch this. I'm going to fill
a like button in Chris's face. Yeah. I
liked it. Leave a like. Bye. Love you.
Long distance.
He's good. Give him that. He's good one.
is good.